Customer.io - Alias call (#619)
rudderlabs/rudderstack-docs: docs/destinations/marketing/customer.io.mdx

As `createdAt` is not present in the above call, RudderStack will append the current timestamp value and send the field to Customer.io.

<div class="infoBlock">

> Same <code class="inline-code">email</code> cannot be used to make consecutive <code class="inline-code">identify</code> calls with different <code class="inline-code">userId</code>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The same <code class="inline-code">email</code> cannot be used to make consecutive <code class="inline-code">identify</code> calls with different <code class="inline-code">userId</code>.
```

For anonymous users, Customer.io does not allow an event name of size more than 100 Bytes. RudderStack will automatically trim the event names in such a scenario.
</div>

## Alias

> The <Link to="/rudderstack-api/api-specification/rudderstack-spec/alias/">`alias`</Link> call lets you merge different identities of a known user. The attributes of both identities are merged together by retaining the attributes of primary identity and merging the additional attributes of secondary identity.

Reviewer 2: Can we add another sentence to confirm that the alias call will work only when both the users(i.e. the users with `test_new_id` and `old_user_id`) should present in CustomerIo. 
CC @yashasvibajpai

> The <Link to="/rudderstack-api/api-specification/rudderstack-spec/alias/">`alias`</Link> call lets you merge different identities of a known user. The attributes of both identities are merged together by retaining the attributes of primary identity and merging the additional attributes of secondary identity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The <Link to="/rudderstack-api/api-specification/rudderstack-spec/alias/">`alias`</Link> call lets you merge different identities of a known user. RudderStack merges the attributes of both the user identities by retaining the attributes of the primary identity and merging the additional attributes of the secondary identity.
```
